Level 2

.ajax

1. Get data --  call.. show what we did in Level 1.  returns HTML.

Teaching: .ajaxCallbacks success, cache: false

See http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/javascript-ajax/5-ways-to-make-ajax-calls-with-jquery/

show .get?

2. Server returns an error.  A problem will happen, and we'll need to debug, and then add the code so it will show  "Unable to load flights, click here to try again"

Teaching: error callback, and debug on chrome.

3. Refactoring.. to introduce a "loading" div

Teaching: before and complete callbacks

(add 2 second delay to controller)
before ajax callback to hide current flights, and show loading div
complete callback to hide loading div and show current flights

4. Show how it works, except if we click on multiple tabs at once.  

Teaching: Ajax can set to a variable, and aborted.  However this calls error, so we'll need to catch that.

5. Define a timeout for the ajax call.

Teaches: Timeout

6. Selecting a flight, sending that flight data over, and show total box with jQuery Air Login/Pass. 

Teaching: How to send complex data using JSON, and receiving back JSON to populate hidden div. Cover the "dataType" parameter.  Type of data we're expecting back from server.  

Also show same query using $.getJSON
call would return { 'price': 144.00, 'tax': 24.00 }, internally we'd call showTotal({})

7. Change call to use JSONP..  send with it, a callback method.

Teaching: JSON P
showTotal({});

Also show with $.getScript

8. Do a POST request for Login/Pass.  Show how to do a script request, and use type: post

Teaches: script, and type. POST.

Also, show refactor into using the jQuery.post method.


// Something we can add... color animation.. make total price darker.  
-----

Level 3

Chaining, Timing, Intervals, Effect Queues, Starting/Stoping animation, custom easing methods

1. Slide up the login form and slide it down upon completion of the slideup.

2. Use Callback function upon successful slidedown to change background color of triptotal.
Also changing the callback to be format HTML rather than script.

3. Animate color change to highlight price change upon successful login. Also speed this up to make it faster.

4. Change easing method on the slideUp/slideDown of the login box.

5. Use queue to slideup the login box, then slide it down upon success after it's complete.

6. Now that the tooltip is fast, lets add a very slight delay, so the user has to hover for a second over the tab before it appears.

7. After the total box Fade's In, queue up an event to highlight the login box.
* Thinking we might be able to just remove this one.

8. Use the stop function to stop the tooltip animation on the mouseleave. 
* This one is not doing. Right now mouseleave removes the element altogether, so we'll need to come up with another case for 